AI GENERATED. Tinder of the camera.
Um,
and that's the only way we can actually show it.
Because it's recorded on the,
the English system
from the television.
So if you wish you can show it to you.
Only on the system you've got in fact
we were getting tapes from the television station.
Will they give us a tape from the television.
So that's I think I've done a good job.
Oh yes.
Because it deflected him so much,
he came with a direct question and then it just turned right around.
I have to tell him what to do,
he was so he was quite a character.
Yes,
he talked of himself.
It's very direct.
He asked me,
very direct person doesn't matter.
I said I better give him a diary answer.
So
This is like the socket.
Uh,
and it worked,
you see,
the,
it's nice you asked me such a direct question.
I come to say things also.
It's a very good lesson,
how to handle a man like that.
It was a very good lesson to us
on how to
handle that sort of situation
because he was very direct and very awkward,
and yet you continued by saying what you wanted to
say and not responding to what he was saying.
You continued by saying what you wanted.
Instead of responding to his negative.
Approach,
very good.
I do
but not straightforward man.
Because she said you,
you could be a fraud fraud yourself.
I said I cannot because I'm the one who want
everyone
against them.
And he,
he got confused,
you see
your divide means are you like a child,
he said.
I think for the
child like.
This is so obvious if you see the newspaper thing
like this child being saved,
you know,
that boy was saved and all.
They're in the newspaper,
so they don't want to know it.
So what can you do about it?
They don't want to know about it.
And you mentioned about the Kundalini rising and coming.
the top of the triggers for the seekers
all those little keys that the seekers will know
is correct even ordinary person will see the,
you see people just not only the person who's interviewed,
but also the interviewer.
What sort of attitude did yours take?
Really funny I had to do.
James liked it very much.
Yeah,
I was really composed.
I just love the way that it was always.
we would sort of come in
very well
here in all the programmes rather
about money also I said that they don't want me to pay for their salvation.
That yes yeah.
Didn't seem to realise that it didn't have to pay any money.
But just about it,
you know,
people have no sense of group in
just Western countries.
And it said
that if your guru
is dependent on you,
then you must feed the guru,
must try to give all the comfort,
everything that is possible.
I make him
or I
look after him.
That's the point,
very respectfully,
but also he said that
we must give some duction with the.
In the that.
You see
Something.
For his uh.
Yeah we see somebody absolutely dependent,
OK.
Then you can give him some Doxina like a present,
how can you.
But not that
you collect the guru
to take all your money,
everything from you,
may rob you completely
buy those boys,
you know,
but this is that
so far in India,
suppose I go to I think it's a great thing that I want.
I mean for them it's very fortunate.
Then
They might give me a sadi or something at the present.
While the food.
I invite others on that day.
Mother is coming to my house to come and have food.
That is
the minimum you should do for your guru,
but never said that said that
the guru will never accept it.
I see to give me usually sar is also so difficult,
you know that I don't think
it's an expensive present.
I don't take.
I mean
I myself so to.
You can't give that.
But as a
means of,
I mean,
the only way you can express
your love is through your flowers,
not through something that you want to keep.
It's a little little things you can do.
There's no harm supposing you give me something,
but you know I return doubly whatever you give me
that I do,
not others don't do,
but I do it because I'm a mother.
Feeling very hot
Yeah.
And since uh when I'll be travelling to India.
Then yes.
And before that when I came here
when all CP paid I think last time you people paid for my family.
No,
you people treat me for my travelling,
but I had to buy another ticket because I went down at 4,
but in any case you can
many times,
you see,
I don't count it to some,
but you should pay that all this and self respect for my child.
But sometimes it doesn't happen so many times when I repo my car so many times,
isn't it?
Yeah,
that's for that.
I mean so many travel together.
I don't think
That's great.
Every time you pay to me.
So we have,
isn't it?
Sometimes you just buy ticket force me to
not to pay some time,
but mostly
wherever we go so many times.
I mean how can you,
how can we expect you to pay for our salvation and that's
even they are travelling with me in the car so many times I paid for them,
but it's not that because.
It's not to be seen,
but should not be done.
That's not good.
It should not be done,
that you should make your go to pay for your travelling.
That's too much and then for your food and for everything.
We have had horrible people back on
Peter appears.
I was just,
he borrowed 2000 pounds from CP and never returned it.
We have had horrible people.
I mean that way many have done many things like
these,
uh,
people in Europe.
In
Portugal,
what they did.
that
many people know that.
I don't even know it properly.
It's,
it's so high-handed.
I couldn't believe it.
My ears went switched off the ceramics because I was involved at
the beginning and I saw the things disappear into the depth of
the night and I saw you giving thousands of thousands of francs
to these boys and then I heard the end of the story.
And I couldn't believe what happened in between.
See,
That story was like this.
These 2 or 3 boys met me
in Portugal,
and they got their realisation,
all right,
so they told me that
we want to start a ceramic centre
here.
Andor you that
And this boy had a big huge place
a little away from.
I do.
About
10 miles away
which he could use he said
actually he showed me that.
But
They haven't got any
cynamics with that.
But
They said that
If you have
If you give us some Indian ceramics,
then we can hold an exhibition.
And invite people and then talk of er.
I said,
all right.
I
So they came to London.
They saw the ceramics I have.
They send all of these with to us.
So I said,
all right,
and we packed up they were about
this house full of ceramics I have very expensive
one.
All that we put in a truck sent it we paid 500.
Pounds
for that shifting
and for the customs and
customs and everything.
And went
at least there.
Mhm
And they said
one day the boy came,
one of the wearing a very nice suit and this and that with the camera jumping here and
there on the airport.
I said,
how who's this?
I couldn't recognise it.
First of,
I'm so and so.
So
I said,
what are you doing here?
have you not appointed me.
I'm the director of the Sergio Enterprise.
I said what?
Director of the soldier went to pri,
what's that?
She said we have started a shop.
They showed all that to a bank.
Around that guarantee,
the bank gave them 4000 pounds or so.
They took a shop,
put all these things for sale.
I,
whatever they sold,
they use that money for their own purpose.
So ultimately I said you better surrender the shop,
return the money to the bank.
It's got.
It's incredible moment,
absolutely.
No,
no,
it was a big problem because we had seen on this one.
I do a precious things I had.
So,
I didn't know what to do before CP was a big problem,
sir.
So I,
when I went to Portugal,
I gave them 300 pounds.
I said,
you buy something
and I'll bring it with you to London when you come.
So that
I'll say it was the exchange for Portuguese
ceramics if he doesn't know the prices or not,
so they brought one dog,
one cat,
one.
Oh.
Yeah.
When
I
How to man.
I'll be laughing.
Even now people take advantage.
It's uh
my wife.
I say she
She she wanted to get some Indian stuff,
you see,
masalas this that.
So she wrote to her mother.
I such a big box,
wooden box came.
But you see shipping corporation because CP has worked there
for I mean it has built the whole thing,
so we are allowed,
we are privileged.
And also under law,
whatever things come to us can come free.
He brought and put his box with.
You know last time,
When I was in India,
she she wrote to me.
We
one carpet of the side.
We need it very badly.
But I had exhausted his money in the bank.
I was done for that.
I said now what to tell you,
but I said let's say the back.
And luckily in the bank,
the money was there somehow.
I don't know how for the carpet,
so I bought the carpet.
And the carpet was to come with all other
things that were coming because when I'm in India.
Whatever things I use,
then they all have to come and they can only come by ship because.
In that,
I think there are 70s,
I was 7.
Things of mine
and she put her 8 things.
So when all the things came,
they gave us 7 things and she delivered a 7 things.
And when we opened the box.
I thought it is in the box.
We found all kinds of dirty clothes.
See,
we started looking at it,
so this junk.
I couldn't understand.
He said,
Throw away all this nonsense,
but 34 dirty clothes we threw away.
We didn't know it belonged to me
and such filth inside
and there was no carpeting.
And we lost the pocket and it smelled like a Bombay d Bombay dried fish.
Yeah.
And the car was missing.
That's a big joke where is the car?
They said we delivered you
8 1817
and at that time you should have told us
that this missing.
We thought the carpet must be in this wooden box,
you see.
How are we to know that Minoxi Day's big box is coming?
I thought,
but
she told me
there's a small box coming,
so I thought must have put in one of the boxes,
you see,
I it might be coming with it.
No.
But
They
told,
they said no you can't find the carpet,
it's in your house is that.
The drunk girl must have got CP some 1000 I.
Because he got right,
it was an expensive,
about 50 ₹50,000 you see.
of $5000
5000 dollars.
So he telephoned here and he telephoned there.
They telephoned us.
The whole office was went to who is this Meenakshi
and why and this thing gone and all that,
and you know,
the king started saying that they are these jogis are using
mother's privilege.
It's a very bad name for us because we have been very,
very sensible people all over that.
Yes.
And the carpet was lost.
And CP said that's gone.
I think we'll never get it back.
But the chairman is so particular on CP's things.
He said,
How can you lose his carpet that I'm not.
I'll sack the captain.
all things worked out
and now when I was
in New York,
I think he told me,
or later on he telephoned to me in Los Angeles and said we found the car.
So what to do?
Even
This time when you people came,
7 people did not pay me.
In New York.
In India.
Two Americans who came,
they didn't pay me for their food or for travelling,
but they incurred also a.
Um.
Loan of about ₹6000 which I paid.
They took that money you made to Kashmir.
This is Michael and Roger.
What
Two of them ran away too,
huh.
I must tell you,
those two persons who came from Austria
met
her Betty surprising.
But no money,
mother.
And I bet you said it was a horrid place.
I went there,
I saw this and all that.
Oh really?
She saw them in
in the place in in
Kathmandu.
She met them there.
I don't know how they meant that I should have,
I didn't have their address.
They sent me a letter.
She would have been going back through
Delhi
to back to America.
He wanted to have a holiday.
They had a holiday,
so they thought they'll go to Bangkok,
but Bangkok was hurried,
so they went to Nepal
and in Nepal they found these people.
Imagine how she met them I didn't ask her.
She knew nothing about it either,
Mother.
She wasn't in so she wouldn't know anything about it.
But in any case,
I mean,
I'm not going to ask them.
I never ask Michael or Roger anything about it,
so forget it.
Yeah.
Oh yes,
it's finished.
And that Michael was fighting with um John.
Really?
I mean,
2 Americans came only.
I'm right.
Surprise
I had a word with Patrick again,
Mother,
everything's fine.
That that can be arranged in Toronto quite easily
for your brother.
And we told him,
and he said that's fine,
he can fix it up because I think.
You see in that it's not done,
it's not.
Whatever way you live,
your brothers are supposed to live with you.
I say I have a smaller
and a big dog.
He was only worried that on the next day when he arrives
I must telephone to Michael and tell him to make sure that he comes on the 7th,
but
the 7th,
so that he comes the next morning after you arrive.
But he said the only problem there is that if he wants your attention.
There are 3 or 4 press conferences lined up in that morning.
I said not to worry,
we'll
we'll um.
And also we can arrange for them to be taken.
He's a very,
very sensible.
He's a very humble man.
You'd be amazed.
He believed in communism,
that's all.
Yes,
he believes in communism.
He thinks that communism is the only thing
on the lounge room floor will be wonderful.
Oh my word.
And who is he helping as a bishop.
He's a lawyer for that.
For certain thing they.
They have not got or something,
so he's fighting for them.
I mean,
he's a lawyer.
Communist lawyer.
Patrick sounds much better,
Mother.
I think your
Bundan is working
whatever it's working.
This is very well done.
It's done it you.
What about you people eating something doesn't look nice.
I'm eating your mother and you are not eating.
You all have.
No.
Let everyone have something.
Your programme in Toronto,
Mother,
is in the Trinity United Church.
So
can't fail.
See,
actually,
I'll tell you when they come out of the place.
Without taking the responsibility like felicity.
Restart Bost
Like this Marcus in the words of Gregor Marcus.
It nearly became horrible.
You talked in such a funny manner,
I tell you,
can't imagine.
And said when I came to Switzerland,
I found it didn't have a left side.
Now that I'm here,
Switzerland has a left side.
I mean so imperiously he
he was doing this as he said it,
you know,
sort of.
It's very particular about this that.
I must say I just couldn't understand it.
Dual Dual was very funny.
He kept saying,
oh God,
I'm gonna run away.
Maybe I'll get possessed by a Brahmin too.
Brahmy.
I think
that's what he has done,
you see.
Some Indians have possessed these people.
I think some Indians,
definitely from Brahms.
well didn't want to do Puja.
He said,
I'm not having anything to do with it.
It's so funny.
But
I see it because
all these people like they take money
like.
Uh,
I love it.
Peter Pearce
took away $2000
2000 pounds this time.
All this is Indian style business.
Yeah
that boy in South Australia stole $500 from Sully and Phillip.
and the very first fellow that came to Adelaide,
mother,
not you,
you may not remember him,
John Anderson,
who stole $500 from Sally Anderson was the TTM fellow.
Ah,
they steal always stealing that's the point.
That's that's coming in.
That's how they steal and you know,
another thing,
once we go to a restaurant.
And
Peter said,
I'll drive you down.
I know the rest.
So it's a very
Out of place and that's not that expensive,
quite expensive.
And you had,
you had invited the
ambassador or someone there,
huh,
ambassador.
So
when you read it,
CPS teacher,
you also come along and have your food.
So Ri Ruth said hello,
hello how are you this that.
So I asked the person in charge.
I said,
how do you know him?
Oh,
he comes said very young.
I said,
really?
And I asked Linda.
Linda said that every
practically every night she used to take us to some Indian restaurant.
So I said,
why didn't you ask him from?
Where do you get this money?
And that's how we became bankrupt.
Some Indian fellow cannot eat any other food so as to get to Indian restaurants.
Tina.
Amazing how they work.
That.
They they are like that.
They
steal money.
EMP said be careful.
Oh,
thank you.
Who's that?
Cacciatore,
mother.
Chicken,
chicken cacciatore.
What is that got to do?
It's an Italian dish,
Mother,
which,
in which you cook
onions and garlic and
I would have liked that.
Why to make separate for me now.
Would you like a taste?
Oh,
little bit
little bit,
but I'm too a little bit.
I,
I'll have from you.
Let's see what is.
Chicken and tomato and paste,
it's a nice
chicken,
tomato paste,
and vegetables
and spice and herbs.
It's a,
it's a typical European dish.
It's lovely.
It's a good dish.
It's quite,
quite spicy and nice.
Would you like some of your own mother?
No,
no,
I'm ready.
I have tea.
Do
some other tea you have
Jasmine.
I guess if you put a little chilli it will taste better.
I just put this back into the main bowl and.
Thank you.
This house is an architect's house.
You can see clearly
run by an architecture.
So this white thing has left one more.
to continue the whiteness of the roof,
the ceiling downwards,
isn't it
could be for a painting or something.
But there's no wall here anyway,
you see,
so that must be the reason for that.
And inside is the
for the fire is very good very good idea for.
I think from that news programme tonight we'll get a lot of people tomorrow night.
A lot of people will come from that interview tonight,
I think so.
I hope so.
Because they'll,
they'll come because they,
the interviewer was very.
Abrupt and very sharp and
You just cooled it to put a sophisticated
attitude towards the whole thing above it all as if he was above it all,
you know.
Yeah,
I got turned around on him,
didn't it?
I mean,
you were fascinating,
you appeared to be completely fascinating.
I must say the way you deflected his questions and then gave him such a lot
in return,
you know,
to sort of chew on it was
very good.
Put this in your pipe and smoke it.
Yes,
I think he was a bit taken aback.
Probably a good thing that he didn't have much more time.
I think he would have run out of questions.
OK
that he at least gave us quite a nice
he said where it's being held twice,
you see,
he felt that there's something about then he did sometimes these interviewers.
Deliberately have a tendency to sound aggressive,
to try and sound impartial to the audience,
but actually sometimes they're quite sympathetic to them
because
when I finished with him,
he was much gentler
thank you very
very well.
You that's something about the.
Yeah.
But Italians eat that pasta so much I mean.
Yes.
Pasta they eat whatever they eat that to you.
The pizza business.
Spaghetti,
spaghetti.
Mm.
Did you see Billy and Rosie when you were in Italy?
Oh,
very nice.
You're working in restaurants now.
Billy has become.
You saw him because he came to England,
he came to England,
um.
I think just before you went to Rome.
Yes.
uh,
he seemed very well.
What will he say?
Well,
he was telling us just about how he was working in the restaurant
and how
his child Zania liked being out in Italy,
but they were having this tremendous heat wave.
Do you remember Italy had this tremendous heat wave
and they were having temperatures of about 110 every day
and the forests were catching on fire.
I mean they were having a lot of,
you know,
problems because I
really,
because they were the worst in Europe.
We had a heatwave in England and France,
but Italy was the hottest,
you know,
the worst.
What was last year like last year good?
A no problem
was a problem there because you see
he is a left-sided fellow,
but quite obstinate,
very obstinate or something or something that's obstinous.
And what he does,
he locks up himself
for 2 or 3 days.
I'm not going to do any work,
he said.
Now this fellow said that.
You see,
suddenly if you're working with someone
and if you say I'm not going to work at all,
then what is the person?
Yeah.
Just any luck of himself,
absolutely.
I
Poor widow was very much unhappy about it.
Mm.
You do,
yes.
the good.
It was lovely the way the Italians kind of helped you with the house doing the marble.
It all floors,
isn't that beautiful?
All through out the base.
I gave them a special present.
I said,
you're coming to India and I'm going to pay.
They won't take any money.
Oh,
that's nice.
I said,
Mother,
it was a great chance to be there,
Mother.
So I said,
all right,
now
you,
you don't take any money.
But uh,
you come to India and you don't have to pay for your food for
400.
Do
like that.
Then they thought that it is too much.
I said,
what are we doing now?
That is decided.
So I asked 5 of them who were there
to come.
How's the restaurant going,
is it going all right,
the uh?
It's going
all right as such,
but that pizzario,
is she the one who makes pizza is $2000 it takes,
so it's too much for them
to pay.
Now they have decided to remove him,
so they are getting no pay or something like that.
They're still working it out,
but now I sorted it out for them.
They'll get money,
food,
everything,
but what a place.
I won't believe what a place.
If you have to see the real you came there,
the real blessing of your mother,
that's the place.
It's in this lovely place high up in the hill.
Every room has got a bathroom.
Uh,
some of the bedrooms are on this side.
Incredible.
It's a tremendous place.
But I think people don't realise it.
They take it for granted.
But Italians that we are very,
very sensible,
you know,
very sensible.
They have the sense of gratitude in them and
they realise,
isn't it?
You've also got a very
good quality to
culturally it's there's something rooted there.
They've got a natural grace and a natural dignity and
Imagine they would not take any money from me for the making of the floor,
not a single pie.
They,
they held the programmes in such a lovely hall for Mother.
It was
a hall with a painting created on the ceiling by a realised soul and Beautiful.
And you know,
there's a dignity about what they do.
When they sing to mother,
they sing
from,
you know,
from the careful about when they got it,
I think I paid for the hall.
But the hall was very reasonably actually it was very reasonable.
It was granted by the city.
You see what happened?
They went to the city mayor.
I talk to him about me.
And he's going to distribute them over the whole country,
so you should contact him with magnificent posters.
I'm just free,
of course,
you might.
The Italians said that,
you see,
he was so impressed by the photograph and all that.
We did it all free,
he said,
and he gave us the hall at a very nominal price.
I don't know about $50.50 dollars or $100.
I think it was $75
but for a hall you should have seen it,
a huge big place,
you know.
And the town hall actually it was the town hall he gave us.
It's Sala Boromini,
which is the famous,
the most famous
meeting hall in Sydney in the city,
and then for the final night they hired what is the equivalent of the BBC hall.
Oh,
sure.
It,
it was brand new,
absolutely superb,
and
fit for symphony orchestra concerts.
Tremendous tremendous.
And you.
And it's never ever been used for a public programme,
and that's what I said.
When you are positive,
thank you,
then things work out.
They themselves were surprised at how they were given all this,
you see that
free this thing imagine
the authorities themselves printing
the posters and placing and placing them
in the proper places.
Can you think of it?
Very good.
And the hall that was worth for 500 to $600.
We were only for $75.
Ruth said even communism has some advantages.
Putting the posters up.
And we had at least 400 to 500 people every day,
at least 500 people,
and Austria also we had about 500 people.
Rome,
Austria,
Geneva was very good too.
Geneva
programmes were full.
We had a couple of rat bags,
but Mother threw them out.
Good.
The Bible bashing,
but the audience actually threw them out.
The audience audience.
Let's go back one Mexican came forward.
It's a very tall.
To the shoes,
but the best part of it,
the fellow who came with the Bible to hit me actually was going back like this,
you see.
He couldn't come forward.
He was going backwards,
backwards,
you see,
though I was not moving towards him,
very big fellow.
I think he was paid for it
because.
Mangal Singh and this Brahan were coming that side.
He said,
Are you going to listen to these ladies?
They said,
Yes,
why?
He said,
Don't go there.
You'll go to hell.
He said,
we are already in heaven,
but you'll go to hell.
Immediately they dropped down the thing.
See that banner on the ground,
you know that?
Yes,
yes,
and afterwards they came to collect it.
Mm.
Experiences and experience,
but I may say Geneva,
even,
even
France was very good.
Milos,
Milos was great.
Great.
That was the most crowded place,
a brand new city.
Milos,
ordinary industrial city,
and they did such a good job.
There's a journalist there who's so positive and
the pool was overflowing,
wasn't it,
Mother,
and they all.
And we went to another place,
uh,
Mal,
what was the name of that?
It all something.
I remember because Vita from Italy but
that's when Chrissy went there also,
you see,
they said we want to start a centre here.
I think we never had a meeting there,
but people came all the way for the workshop.
It's off.
Also Paris and the provinces of Dan Bordeaux is going to begin.
Uh,
actually,
right now there is
right now this,
this time there's a programme on in um
in Bordeaux,
that young boy that came and
in Moos in
And Brittany,
Brittany is doing very well.
Brittany is coming up Rouen,
Rouen,
very bad,
yeah.
See,
France has flared up.
I don't know.
It
They
I think you have to travel,
you people have to travel
in in November.
I'm going to go
to English
places
except for Scotland I've scratched out.
Not brighton anymore,
I think.
We had been right,
isn't it.
Yeah.
You had,
you had the Buddha's birthday.
So we have finished.
I think we have to go to places,
Cambridge Cambridge,
Norwich,
Norwich is doing that.
Norham,
Northampton that one
Exeter Exeter,
yes,
maybe Plymouth,
maybe.
Something you might,
what about um Radio Southampton or something like that?
I don't know if they're there anymore.
Yeats.
Southern part.
Maybe,
maybe Sheffield perhaps.
Sheffield,
of course,
and Sheffield,
and the other one is uh Manchester,
Manchester.
No,
no,
the one that is.
Uh,
gonna be.
From where we got Kirby.
Yeah,
we got Bristol Bristol.
Oh yes,
Bristol.
Yes,
that's right,
that's in the west.
Bristol,
the centre is not good,
but we get wonderful people.
Yes,
it's,
they're also having the meetings in Glastonbury.
Glastonbury,
which is near Bristol where they have the big tour,
like this big hill with the
monument on the top,
where all the lay lines cross.
Airlines
Those lines of force that go there.
At Glastonbury,
yes.
But also in Oxford,
they've got both of them,
the big ones there's several centres around that they intersect.
They're the ones that they know.
The mother telling us about the ones that.
That's right.
I think Bristol is a great idea actually,
yes.
That's it now,
this one is you're talking near Bristol,
we went to that place.
Welham and that's near there.
So we had a seminar there,
didn't we?
I didn't see the seminar in Cheltenhamltenham in the gardens in the gardens,
and then we went out to the ven Springs,
and we have that lovely video film where you actually bless the source of the Thames.
I've seen that video,
it's tremendous.
Somebody told me,
was it you,
Nick,
that
there,
there's been a report on the Thames and it's becoming less polluted.
becoming less polluted.
Yes,
I said has to become the Ganges now.
But there was an official report and in which maybe it was Magda or somebody told me
on the condition of the Thames,
and it's just happened.
At first they had a flight
that comes out like going to a big space and all that.
Yeah,
overflow,
yes,
that's right.
There was a flood warning,
yes,
and you're saying,
you have to be careful because she's angry,
you know.
See,
because
England is also
the limit.
London are special.
Though
they have become more harmic,
isn't it?
It's not so bad now.
You don't find all those new things,
all that's not on the road,
you know,
punk rock is much less,
but I told you about the international thing.
International.
Exhibition we went to see in Rome.
They have very nice things there,
you see.
Some were selling some fur,
some were selling some things made in their own country,
some beads,
very nice handmade things in everything
and also
beautifully lavors and all that.
And suddenly they said there is this is the uh this is the
what you call stall of England.
So I deliberately went there.
What do you think it was a punk rock thing
you know 5 coloured pads,
4 coloured shirts,
these wigs,
all made with,
all made with hat and fuzzy fuzzy dresses for ladies,
you see.
As long as they don't think everybody in England is like that
I mean it is so bad of them to put it there.
I mean horrid,
and the one lady who was there,
she was wearing a very funny dress,
extremely funny and dude,
and the gentleman,
you didn't come that day.
Now you were not.
And the gentleman was wearing another.
like that cock like thing,
all coloured,
and they were doing a very dirty dance there,
very dirty dance,
and everybody was,
you see,
I think
Italians have a sense of ridicule.
They have a sense of ridicule,
and they were all
making fun of that.
All of them making fun of that.
Rome is.
It's got certain negative qualities,
but the general
quality of
people is they have a sense of serenity,
you see,
by photograph itself they
see to understand photographs to that extent.
And what respect and veneration they have for
thousands they were that day when we went to the big hat.
You should see the way they behaved and everyone got up and
so respectful.
They just wanted to come and touch or they didn't bother her with fix my knee,
fix my uncle,
fix my aunt.
Just touch her and walked away and
traditional traditional people's I think they are.
I think Egyptians have that Greeks,
Greek people have this traditional people,
whatever it is,
tradition is traditional.
They might have been horrid romances,
but you see,
by
By giving
for so many years,
you commit all the errors and you correct.
So I think traditional people improve and that's why in Europe,
England is the best as far as the young people.
We went to Cambridge.
Deal and myself went to Cambridge.
We had a really beautiful time there and
we just enjoyed the cathedral.
We
saw the beautiful painting in the cathedral of
the adoration of the Magi the whole place has seen you must see that cathedral.
That's
Cambridge University,
remember Melody,
from Cambridge University.
Yeah I came away.
First was horrible.
Second one was only there were 5 people out of them 3 ran away and the
4th 1 that was left,
um,
her boyfriend came
and she ran away too.
So only the one left was his wife,
you see,
she got a realisation and after that
I was so angry.
It rained and rained and lashed.
And
Mr.
Maya was so hard.
I haven't seen such tempest and it was in the papers that.
I had never known such lashes.
I mean,
and we were not all trouble,
you see,
our car was moving and the thing was behind us,
never touched,
no water,
nothing on our car.
But what I thought that instead of going to
London now,
let's go to
Northampton where our Jama was.
We went to his house and I cooked a meal for them and we all ate.
Oh yes,
he told me that.
No we love you.
I think it might be a good idea if we had ashrams that were outside London
but near enough for us to have programmes inside,
but
maybe it's something about living in Southern
people are actually living in London,
I think it's quite a problem actually being in the middle of it all.
But we can have it in the north of London.
Queen's Parks in the north.
Yes,
but if you're a little bit removed from it.
You know,
like you can go down to the city and work it out,
but then you can come out again and clear out,
whereas
when you're in the middle of
London,
it's,
it's quite difficult to
maintain that sort of serenity.
Yes.
But Soberton Sea was a good place,
but the people surrounding people were horrid and very aggressive,
typically of southern type of people.
first I lived in Oxted,
they were all like this,
you see.
Very adversity.
They're the real rights siders of England,
but the people in the Midlands are very,
are very
good people.
And the people in the north are too much though.
They,
they,
they overindulge the familiarity and,
you know.
Oh,
they are.
Drunk or Scotland,
we were going to this runoff place and
our train reached uh what time
about 12 o'clock and we had to
remember you were there at that time no not that first time when we went to Ronna,
and we had to take a train to go to Ronna,
you see,
and
they said you have to go from another station.
So we walked.
We wanted to know which side is the station.
But every person we met at that time,
about 12:30 or so,
was drunk.
Can you imagine drunk at 12:30 in the daytime.
Mhm
Yeah,
we just talked about sort of things.
Is this.
But we didn't know who to ask because we even fellow went
into the restaurant to ask so they were all drinking there,
so he came with a greater speed
than he had.
I started there.
Imagine what a place it must be.
Crazy.
Oh.
Delicious.
But it has
We have tried Scotland for governors.
He is very anxious about Scotland.
But this time we went there,
he came back and said,
Mother,
don't go.
Now please don't go to Scotland.
Where are you from?
I was born in London.
But they did well in that is.
Ireland they did well and again there was a,
you see,
because they were nobody was in contact,
so they wrote a letter saying that
mother should come once and this and that.
I said all right we'll see about it.
The thing about Ireland was with Dublin was that horrible psychiatrist
who was a friend of the family
who all got their realisation.
Do you remember?
He was,
he was a disciple of this.
You must have already got a heart attack,
I'm sure.
He was catching so much on the heart that time only
that was saying,
but he must be out already
the way he's having.
Don't pay your attention,
he said to him,
let him die.
We don't want,
he said he's catching so much on the heart
that he's not going to survive.
Wellta is doing well.
Mhm.
He is giving realisation to people.
You see what he says that he calls them
and he puts some sort of a cover on my photographs so they can't see it,
you see,
and they said,
now put your hand towards the wall,
like this.
Muslims Muslims like a blank wall.
They do.
And it gives them realisation.
He goes on the back.
You don't understand what's happening.
They're getting well,
mad people getting well,
alcoholics.